Add information about the Coalesce function (#4073)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/actions.md

> info ""
> The required fields for a destination mapping appear automatically. Click the + sign to see optional fields.

> ### Coalesce Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Coalesce function
```

Reviewer: @sarahrudy how do you access the coalesce function? I don't see it in the UI

> The coalesce function will take a primary value and use that one if it is available. In the case it is not, it will use the fallback value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The coalesce function takes a primary value and uses it if it is available. If the value isn't available, the function uses the fallback value instead. 
```

> ![coalesce](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78389005/213260648-a9eda0c8-fd88-4a0b-b4c6-682380ce2328.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need to include a screenshot to this as it doesn't add any value
